Feedback component guidance (#5484)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/phase-banner/index.md

You can choose to place the Phase banner in a more appropriate place for your service, however you’ll need to customise the component and provide your own CSS code to make it show correctly.

### Collecting feedback

> Use the [Feedback component](/components/feedback/) to collect on-page feedback about your service. This can open an email or take the user to a dedicated page or form.

Reviewer: Edited to match the guidance in the feedback component.

If we need to add something about email (e.g. for alpha phase users) we'll need to write a tiny bit of practical stuff about email addresses.

```suggestion
Use the [Feedback component](/components/feedback/) to ask users to give feedback about their experience using your service, which should include a link to a feedback page.
```
